College of Science and Engineering

Agriculture
Agricultural Business
 
Agricultural Education
 
Animal Science
 
Plant Science
 
Poultry Science
 
Pre-Veterinary Science
 
MBA with Agricultural Business emphasis
 
Master of Science in Agriculture
 
Associate of Agricultural Science
 
Biochemistry & Chemistry
Chemistry (Science Option)
 
3+2 Program
 
Pre-Health Professional – Biochemistry Option
 
Entrepreneur Program
 
Environmental Toxicology Science
 
Forensic Science
 
Medical Laboratory Science
 
Chemistry (Associates)
 
Biology
Biological Sciences
 
Marine Biology
 
3+2 Program
 
Pre-Health
 
Public Health
 
Wildlife and Conservation Biology
 
Engineering & Physics
Engineering
 
Engineering Technology
 
Chemical Engineering
 
Industrial Technology
 
Science Option
 
Mathematics & Computer Science
 
Nursing
 
NRRC
Services
 
Equipment
 
Mission
 
ASTM Standards
 
Contact
You are here: SAU Home / Academics /
Science and Engineering/ Biochemistry & Chemistry
Biochemistry & Chemistry
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Club, Lambda Alpha Beta, visit the top of Pike’s Peak and enjoy a panoramic view of the world.
The Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry hosts students from area schools several times throughout the year to do some exciting chemical demonstrations as well as to talk about the career options that are available to them in chemistry.
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Advanced Topics: The Manhattan Project course visit Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Students in all chemistry programs have a full complement of state of the are analytical instrumentation to use during their academic and research laboratory experiences.
Students in chemistry can choose from multiple degree options including biochemistry/pre-health professional chemistry, forensic chemistry, or education options as well as a program to prepare students for further study in in the demanding field of medical laboratory science.
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Club, Lambda Alpha Beta, visit the top of Pike’s Peak and enjoy a panoramic view of the world.
The Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry hosts students from area schools several times throughout the year to do some exciting chemical demonstrations as well as to talk about the career options that are available to them in chemistry.
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Advanced Topics: The Manhattan Project course visit Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Students in all chemistry programs have a full complement of state of the are analytical instrumentation to use during their academic and research laboratory experiences.
Students in chemistry can choose from multiple degree options including biochemistry/pre-health professional chemistry, forensic chemistry, or education options as well as a program to prepare students for further study in in the demanding field of medical laboratory science.
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Club, Lambda Alpha Beta, visit the top of Pike’s Peak and enjoy a panoramic view of the world.
The Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry hosts students from area schools several times throughout the year to do some exciting chemical demonstrations as well as to talk about the career options that are available to them in chemistry.
Dr. Tim Schroeder and the students in the Chemistry Advanced Topics: The Manhattan Project course visit Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Students in all chemistry programs have a full complement of state of the are analytical instrumentation to use during their academic and research laboratory experiences.
Students in chemistry can choose from multiple degree options including biochemistry/pre-health professional chemistry, forensic chemistry, or education options as well as a program to prepare students for further study in in the demanding field of medical laboratory science.
Previous slide
Next slide
The Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry offers students multiple degree options to match their career aspirations in any area of chemistry they choose. The department maintains small lecture class sizes in all courses to ensure that students receive the personal attention that will help them to succeed while encouraging them to get to know their faculty. Being a laboratory science, laboratory courses accompany nearly all chemistry courses and offer students the opportunity to see for themselves the concepts and relationships in action that are discussed in the classroom.

Bachelor's departmental degree options include:
Chemistry: Science

About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose Chemistry: Science?
Chemistry: Pre-health Professional Biochemistry
About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose Chemistry: Pre-Health Professional Biochemistry?
Chemistry: Forensic Science
About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose Chemistry: Forensic Chemistry?
Chemistry: Medical Laboratory Science
About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose Chemistry: Medical Laboratory Science?
Chemistry: 3+2 Professsional Plan
About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose Chemistry: 3+2 Professional Plan?
Chemistry Associates
About | PACT-8 Degree Plan

Why choose an Associate’s degree in chemistry?
Interested in teaching Chemistry?
All of the Bachelor’s degree options in chemistry will provide ample content knowledge for teaching chemistry at the K-12 levels of public or private schools. State certification in teaching typically requires a Master’s degree such as an MAT and sufficient test scores on state-mandated certification exams.
What kind of jobs are available with a degree in chemistry?
A degree in chemistry leads to a greater variety of careers than you might expect. The list below illustrates quite a number of possible career options and all have excellent starting salaries.

View Careers
Analytical chemist
Biochemist
Organic chemist
Inorganic chemist
Physical chemist
University instructor or professor
K-12 chemistry instructor
Laboratory safety officer
Chemical stockroom manager
Pharmacist
Doctor (medicine, pediatrics, osteopathy, dentistry, dermatology, etc.)
Physician’s assistant
Medical laboratory scientist
Nuclear medical technician
Clinical chemist
Anesthesiologist
Pharmaceuticals and pharmacology
Forensic chemist
Crime lab analyst
Lawyer
Research and development chemist
Chemical analyst
Quality control technician
Chemical laboratory manager
Field environmental chemist
Environmental scientist
Rubber or natural products chemist
Water Resources Specialist
Cement/concrete chemist
Field service technician for instrumentation manufacturers
Chemical engineer