Graduate Studies

Graduate Admissions
 
Programs
All Programs
 
Certificate Programs
 
Course Descriptions
 
Students
 
Cost
 
Financial Aid
 
Online Learning
 
FAQ
 
Contact
Affordable. Personal. Accessible.
View Graduate Programs
Start your online application today
Apply Now
Have a question?
We're here to help!
Affordable. Personal. Accessible.
View Graduate Programs
Start your online application today
Apply Now
Have a question?
We're here to help!
Affordable. Personal. Accessible.
View Graduate Programs
Start your online application today
Apply Now
Have a question?
We're here to help!
Previous slide
Next slide
Domestic Application
International Admissions
Catalogs
Class Schedule
CALL: 870-235-4150
E-MAIL: gradstudies@saumag.edu
Meet Dean Wilson

Dr. Connie Wilson
Dean, School of Graduate Studies

Thank you for your interest in graduate education at Southern Arkansas University.  Our graduate programs prepare students to have the advanced skills necessary to be leaders in their professions.  Our faculty and staff strive to help you acquire educational achievement in your coursework and the field!  Our commitment is to support each member of our academic community, provide resources, and foster growth, innovation, and development in graduate education. 

 If you have just started researching graduate schools, I hope you will consider joining the SAU family.  If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to contact us.  We are happy to help!

 The graduate faculty makes providing high-quality student learning experiences a priority.  We will support you throughout your academic journey and look forward to celebrating your success.

Mission
The mission of the Southern Arkansas University School of Graduate Studies is to prepare individuals for positions of leadership in a variety of professions by providing advanced and specialized education. The curricula and instructional technologies are designed to meet the needs of students and to prepare them to compete in a diverse and dynamic society.

Online vs. Hybrid
All graduate programs are fully online, with the following exceptions:
MCIS and MPA programs are 100% online for domestic students. Hybrid is only for international students.
LMIS – hybrid (90% online)
School Counseling – hybrid (94% online)
MBA can be completed 100% online, hybrid, or face to face
Application Priority Deadlines
Applications must be received by the following deadlines to avoid a late fee:

Fall Semester: August 1
Spring Semester: December 1
Summer 1: May 1
Summer 2: June 1
Ed.D.: April 1
How To Apply
Get started today!
SAU offers a variety of degrees and certificates.  Let us know which program you’re interest in pursing and receive more information.